<h1>Software Create for free and open use by the public.</h1>
-----------------------------------------------------
<h3>The original use case for this script was to generate
datasets for shop names in a database for role playing games.
But it's up to your creativity and the quality of you 
prompt to create the outcome you are looking for.</h3>

Here's a list of blacksmith shop names generated by this script:
    The Shivering Forge
    The Fiery forge
    The Smithy
    The Hammer and Anvil Forge
    The Shimmering Anvil
    The Anvil
    The burning hammer
    The Dark Forge
    The Forge
    The Ember Forge
    The Iron Anvil
    Back Alley Blacksmith
    The Olden Hammer
====================================================
<h1>Usage<h1>
    python main.py <outfile> '<prompt>' <datacounter>

    outfile ~ my_dataset
        NOTE .txt is appended to the end of the file name.
        The name of the file you want to save the dataset to.
        You can also use this to append to an existing file if it already exists.
        You don't have to create a new file for each dataset since the script will
        handle that for you.
    
    prompt ~ 'Return a name for a blacksmith shop in a medieval fantasy setting'
        The prompt you want to use to generate the dataset.

    datacounter ~ 100
        The number of items you want to generate.
        The script will stop when it reaches 0 or when the script is terminated.
        NOTE: The script will not generate duplicates of the same response
        so the larger the datacounter, the longer it will take to generate the dataset
        since duplicate items will be discarded and another request will need ot be 
        made which can build up api costs. Average cost for 2000 davici 
        requests(high quality) is around $3.00.
====================================================
<h1>Output</h1>
    The script will create a new file in the datasets folder with the name you provided.
    e.g datasets/my_dataset.txt. If the file already exists, it will append to the file.
====================================================
<h1>Setup</h1>
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
    export OPENAI_API_KEY=<yourkey>
====================================================